I'm going to show you how to cook Thai
style sausage fried rice for this recipe
I'm using four cups of cooked rice or
you can use leftover rice from another
day too and for sausages onion ginger
garlic paste and fry eggs and using
white part of leek and one carrot this
is optional if you like to add
vegetables in your fried rice always you
can if not spring onions or you can use
bok choy or any other kind of a
vegetable tool to start and some oyster
sauce and soy sauce and fish sauce so to
start this recipe what I am going to do
first is to fry the onion ginger garlic
first I left my work on the stove and
it's hot so I'm going to add the oil you
can use vegetable oil or even any other
kind of oil or even butter window oil is
hot add the ginger garlic with the onion
and fry that about two minutes with the
onion mix is ready at the carrot with
the sausages and cook that about two
minutes until the carrots are tender
don't overcook the vegetable has no
color so just one or two minutes once
the calais and the sausages are very
cold take the vegetable aside and break
the eggs one by one and cook the eggs
without stirring for several minutes
once the egg settle just scrambled it a
little bit and cook the eggs properly
before doing the next step so I scramble
the eggs so it's ready so I'm going to
mix it with the other ingredients now
going to add the leeks and cook again
another minute
I forgot to show you the the most
important ingredient in Thai style
cooking red chillies or even any kind of
Asian dish so if you don't like to add
chillies you can omit this totally and
if you like chillies you can add a
little bit or take the seeds out took
the air get the extra heat out so add
the chillies and mix it with the
vegetables and the sausages and then add
the cooked rice you can always use the
leftover rice in this recipe this is a
really nice idea when you are a busy
person you can just do this answer one
for me and it's ready to have when you
are busy so just mix it really well and
cook it with the vegetables and the next
step is to add all the other ingredients
add the soy sauce about a tablespoon
make sure in your and soy sauce it has
lots of soul so you had to check the
salt level and the fish sauce has the
oyster sauce so mix that really well and
cook it another minute and taste it and
check the soil flavor so if it is not
enough you can add more soy sauce and
fish sauce and adjust the salt level now
the last ingredient spring onions add it
last minute so it keeps the color and
the crunchiness
and now it's really time Stein fried
rice and I hope you will enjoy this
recipe thank you for watching